just outbursts claiming that he had now
become a victim well you don't know the
half of it what you're about to see is
Ramsey uncut as an ACA crew followed him
here at channel 9 last Friday just
minutes before that interview with Tracy
Grimshaw first stop the makeup
department some festive enough caffeine
foul-mouthed foodie wasn't just taking
aim at makeup staff he also had weather
presenter Lavinia Nixon in his sights no
it was the start of a Randy rampage
through the station so within minutes of
arriving at channel 9 Gordon Ramsay had
sworn at or insulted at least two women
and that's nothing compared to the
smutty spray he gave our cleaning lady
in the courtyard soon afterwards walking
past off-camera she shouted out a condom
the ladies go smoke a hard I said you
look at my
now and he still wasn't finished
Russians that next to be on the
receiving end of his offensive and
sexist conduct was AC a reporter at
least moon also having run 10 marathons
yes extra virgin olive oil / for the
nipples okay I'll keep that in mind I'm
sorry paralyzed hot to you hot tip great
all right so now we know exactly what
Gordon Ramsay's form is really like
dealing with everyday people not just
those on TV which makes what he said
today all the more astounding from
anything new publicity and deeply
mortified that has been blown out of
context so things have been
over-exaggerated never ever once use the
word that's good and very sigh now
that's Tracy decides to attack my wife
there's been wall-to-wall media coverage
right around the world since the news
broke on Sunday that Ramsey had shot the
public at a cooking demonstration
newspapers as far away as London
reported his obscene attack against
Tracey in detail in terms of what we did
with live show I got all the of all the
tapes didn't mention the word lesbian
once
it's quite a sorry state of affairs yeah
well good luck with that defeatist
Gordon Matt can write the same here
she'd be expertly or you're totally
ignoring what I said the tapes are there
so being scrutinized by the lawyers I
never once mentioned the word lesbian
and having a tongue-in-cheek joke was
not at her expense for me on a personal
front to see how sad and how bitter for
someone out to come out a renowned pro
to steal that low and attack my wife is
disgusting it was never an attack on his
wife was only ever a response to his
vile behavior and just finally Gordon
Ramsay made me promise not to ask on
Friday about his private life but now at
least it looks like Gordon Ramsay means
he's setting up and we're quite happy
with that
reporters had plenty more questions but
the British cook had his exercise to
attempt to until he arrived at hotel
and approached security
it's acutely there because the ladies
discontent handy for both in an argument
let's try to play with hey guys no
feeling in the gaming for I'm sure
you're all aware of that no filming
thank you sometimes bullies react badly
when they are punched in the nose
Fairfax radio journalist and commentator
nor Mitchell says Ramsay's pointed
Barb's at the ACA hosts were out of line
can I thought was funny you might find
some argument for it but it's not funny
island there's any mirrored in it
whatsoever um I'm sick of it already I
don't be glad when he goes high but we
all know bullies thrive when no one
takes them on and I'm not going to sit
meekly and let some arrogant narcissist
Willie me it's obvious that she don't
for ratings I'm gonna crack on my wife
surviving in two weeks time I can't wait
to take the signal quite clearly Gordon
Ramsay has bitten off more than he can
chew when it comes to insulting women
and now I would like to say to you that
I have been humbled and overwhelmed by
the response I and we have had today in
literally thousands of emails phone
calls and on the Internet I can't reply
individually it's an avalanche but thank
you coming up a month ago he was all at
sea but now it's smooth sailing